Add example of abs on a positive number (#1188)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/abs/abs.md

  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

The `abs()` function returns the absolute value of a numeric argument.

## Syntax

```pseudo
abs(n)
```

> Where n is a real number, for example an int or float, that will have its absolute value taken. The absolute value of n will be the non-negative value of n, a positive value will remain unchanged and a negative value will have its negative sign removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return value will be the absolute value of the `n` parameter, which is of type `int` or `float`.

The absolute value of `n` will be its distance from zero regardless of its direction (i.e., whether it is positive or negative). Since the absolute value is never negative, a positive value will remain unchanged and a negative value will have its negative sign removed
```

## Example 2

Use `abs()` to return the absolute value of `15`:

```py
print(abs(15))
# Output: 15
```

## Example 3

> Use `abs()` to return the absolute value of the `numbers` list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example returns the absolute value from each element in the `numbers` list:
```
